# Sight-Unseen
POE initiative

The Bitcoin Blockchain confirms and validates transactions by virtue of a Proof of Work model. This creates transfer of value (and data) with a near nil possibility of default and repudiation. As the world attempts to satisfy other asset types i.e. assets more tangible and tied to physical property, DLT has taken the lead over initiatives such as "colored coins across the bitcoin (or some other) blockchain". This creates a litany of new challenges - data and value transport using alternate consensus protocols, contract and payment in a DLT ecosystem where the value is conveyed via the DL but the counter value is conveyed in the "real world"; user identification and authentication; and asset proof of existence. One may posit that the proof mechanism constructed in the bitcoin architecture is solely to prevent the replication of payments or data (computer files) by a "bad user". Because computer files are very simple to recreate, the challenge remains fraud and misrepresentation, it may be argued that these mechanisms will exacerbate cyber crime while stream lining back office processing, simply by ease of creation, cloning [minime] and spoofing. Caveat Emptor. Proof of Asset Provenance [Chronicled] and User Identification [Civic] assist the authentication process, however, nothing prevents a bad actor from creating their own asset coin that allegedly tracks a real world asset or worse is a spoof of the original with no real economic value underpinning it. As such, linking the value-creation asset inextricably to the token remains a "trust" challenge - the goal therefore is to create a friendly secure distributed service registry that will always point to the underlying originator in the case of an asset and will expose the true underlying asset via an "authentication ladder" that prevents the simple creation of a fake token. There are endless use cases for the importance of this feature - legal re-hypothecation and portfolio coins. One solution may be issuance generated private keys which unlock a "null set" for a fake with a "key' service that constructs a new key set for legitimate uses - an unopinionated authentication ladder.
